#Overview
This program was written to enable git to be used as a version control system for several people writing articles for a newsletter. The intent was that it should be easy to use and make git primarily a backup tool for plaintext writing.

#Dependencies
At least the following:

- git
- zenity
- bash

#Descriptions
##dgit-init
dgit-init creates a new master repository that all the other repos will push/pull from. It also makes a symlink to the new repo in a central location so the other dgit commands are aware of it.

##dgit-clone
dgit-clone clones an existing main repository. The clone is a full git clone. It also adds the clone as a remote in the main repository it was cloned from. The name of that remote is taken either from the username of the currently logged-in user, or else from the entire contents of a file named repobranch in the directory containing the clone. That is, when the current directory is the clone, the file is "../repobranch".

##dgit-forget
dgit-forget removes the symlink to a main repo that dgit uses to know of its existence.

##dgit-checkout & dgit-merge
dgit-checkout and dgit-merge can checkout and merge branches of a repo. Because there's no equivalent dgit-branch, they're not a lot of use to users. The original program design created a branch for each clone of the main repo, and these served to allow the overseer of the main repo to manage those branches.

##dgit-update
dgit-update is copied into every new repo that dgit-init creates. It commits all files in the repo it's in, and then pull/pushes from origin.

##install
install _pathDir_ _folderLinkDir_ _configDir_

install is intended to install the dgit programs. It has help that displays when it is run with no arguments.

##setup_user
setup_user creates menu entries for the dgit programs in a user's freedesktop.org-compatible menu.

#Notes
* **The program lies about the success of operations.**
* This program was written over a fairly short time (less than two weeks), so it is somewhat unpolished.
* An example of that unpolish: if there are no repos available to clone, dgit-clone would offer to clone *. (This should now be fixed)
* This documentation is intended for users familiar with git to use when setting up dgit. Apologies to non-git-users everywhere.
* All the programs are intended to be run without arguments from an X11 system, except install.


#License
dgit--A primitive git GUI
Copyright (C) 2011-2012  andyg0808

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
